

1. Write a Java program to calculate the sum of the first 100 natural numbers.

2. Create a Java program to print the multiplication table of a given number.

3. Write a Java program to find the square root of a given number.

4. Implement a Java program to calculate the factorial of a number without using recursion.

5. Create a Java program to check whether a given year is a leap year or not.

6. Write a Java program to find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers.

7. Implement a Java program to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable.

8. Create a Java program to check whether a given string is a palindrome or not (ignore case).

9. Write a Java program to count the number of vowels and consonants in a given string.

10. Implement a Java program to find the largest and smallest elements in an array.

11. Create a Java program to reverse the elements of an array.

12. Write a Java program to calculate the factorial of a number using recursion.

13. Implement a Java program to check whether a given number is a prime number or not.

14. Create a Java program to find the sum of all even numbers between 1 and 100.

15. Write a Java program to generate a random number between 1 and 100.

16. Implement a Java program to check whether a given string is an anagram of another string.

17. Create a Java program to find the length of a string without using the length() method.

18. Write a Java program to remove all white spaces from a given string.

19. Implement a Java program to count the frequency of each character in a given string.

20. Create a Java program to find the average of an array of numbers.

21. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is a perfect number or not.

22. Implement a Java program to check whether a given string is a valid palindrome or not (considering case and punctuation).

23. Create a Java program to find the Fibonacci series up to n terms.

24. Write a Java program to reverse a sentence word by word.

25. Implement a Java program to find the second largest element in an array.

26. Create a Java program to check whether a given number is an Armstrong number or not.

27. Write a Java program to check whether a given char is a lowercase or uppercase

28. Implement a Java program to find the reverse of a number.

29. Create a Java program to find the sum of digits of a given number.

30. print first armstrong number between 1-500.

31. Create a Java program to find the sum of natural numbers divisible by 3 or 5 up to n.

32. Implement a Java program to convert a decimal number to binary.

33. Write a Java program to print the Pascal's triangle up to n rows.

34. Implement a Java program to find the longest word in a given sentence.

35. Implement a Java program to find the sum of digits of a number without using loops.

36. Implement a Java program to check whether a given string is a valid email address or not.

37. Write a Java program to sort an array of strings in alphabetical order.

38. Write a Java program to remove duplicates from an array.

39. Write a Java program to check if two arrays are equal or not.

40. Find a given element's position in array

41. Write a Java program to simulate a dice roll.

42. Write a Java program to generate a random password of a specified length.

43. Validate Integer input between 1-20 .

44. Write a Java program to find the area and circumference of a circle given its radius.

45. Write a Java program to convert temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using a method.

46. Write a Java program to calculate a person's age in years, months, and days based on their birth date and the current date.

47. Write a Java program to calculate the power of a number using recursion.

48. Write a simple java program to find random number game

49. Given Password guessing game with only 04 attempts

50.Write a Java program to perform matrix addition.

